1304462930
AddAttachmentUploadedFileToAsset	/home/droid/FileBox/db/migrate/20110426215541_add_attachment_uploaded_file_to_asset.rb	class AddAttachmentUploadedFileToAsset 
Asset	/home/droid/FileBox/app/models/asset.rb	class Asset 
AssetTest	/home/droid/FileBox/test/unit/asset_test.rb	class AssetTest 
AssetsController	/home/droid/FileBox/app/controllers/assets_controller.rb	class AssetsController 
AssetsControllerTest	/home/droid/FileBox/test/functional/assets_controller_test.rb	class AssetsControllerTest 
AssetsHelper	/home/droid/FileBox/app/helpers/assets_helper.rb	module AssetsHelper
CreateAssets	/home/droid/FileBox/db/migrate/20110426195434_create_assets.rb	class CreateAssets 
User	/home/droid/FileBox/app/models/user.rb	class User 
create	/home/droid/FileBox/app/controllers/assets_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/droid/FileBox/app/controllers/assets_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/droid/FileBox/db/migrate/20110426195434_create_assets.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/droid/FileBox/db/migrate/20110426215541_add_attachment_uploaded_file_to_asset.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/droid/FileBox/app/controllers/assets_controller.rb	  def edit
file_name	/home/droid/FileBox/app/models/asset.rb	  def file_name
get	/home/droid/FileBox/app/controllers/assets_controller.rb	  def get
index	/home/droid/FileBox/app/controllers/assets_controller.rb	  def index
new	/home/droid/FileBox/app/controllers/assets_controller.rb	  def new
show	/home/droid/FileBox/app/controllers/assets_controller.rb	  def show
test_create_invalid	/home/droid/FileBox/test/functional/assets_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_valid	/home/droid/FileBox/test/functional/assets_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_destroy	/home/droid/FileBox/test/functional/assets_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_edit	/home/droid/FileBox/test/functional/assets_controller_test.rb	  def test_edit
test_index	/home/droid/FileBox/test/functional/assets_controller_test.rb	  def test_index
test_new	/home/droid/FileBox/test/functional/assets_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_should_be_valid	/home/droid/FileBox/test/unit/asset_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_show	/home/droid/FileBox/test/functional/assets_controller_test.rb	  def test_show
test_update_invalid	/home/droid/FileBox/test/functional/assets_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_invalid
test_update_valid	/home/droid/FileBox/test/functional/assets_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_valid
up	/home/droid/FileBox/db/migrate/20110426195434_create_assets.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/droid/FileBox/db/migrate/20110426215541_add_attachment_uploaded_file_to_asset.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/droid/FileBox/app/controllers/assets_controller.rb	  def update
